it would be nice to care about some yes
yes can I'm really gonna do something
about my life you know you know I think
want to call Melanie again so what if
she shushed me George
I am only gonna make some changes yes
changes I'm serious about it think I'm
not I'm not kidding me too
I mean what are you thinking about Jerry
marriage family well the prisons
man-made prisons you're doing time you
get up in the morning she's there you go
to sleep at night she's there it's like
you got to ask permission to to use the
bathroom is it all right yeah and you
can forget about watching TV while
you're eating
I can't oh yeah you know what because
it's dinner time
how do you know what you do at dinner
what you talk about your day how was
your day today
did you have a good day to day or a bad
day today yeah well what kind of day was
it about you or was it there look it's
sad Jerry it's a sad state of affairs
I'm glad we had this talk you have not
George what is it will you marry me I'll
get married
you what Oh get married oh my god I got
great moves
Oh getting married yes oh my god yes
gonna get married
she said yes like I can't believe my
luck that she was still available so
we're still on to see a fire strong
tonight yeah I'll pick you up at your
apartment go to the a ready um hello I
really think I can go oh okay
why I didn't really tell Susan about it
when she wasn't you have anything else
to do did she get huh well she doesn't
really want to see firestorm
oh she she wants to see the muted hot Oh
the muted Mart Glenn Close Sally Field
should be good yeah yes I see you later
hey wait a second you know we could
share a cab they're playing at the same
set up lunch oh it's better get ready
Cameron you're wearing that shirt
okay I guess you see you done yeah yes
it's very very good do you think you'll
ever find her again
oh I sure hope so about what happened
four jumped out of that plane he was
shooting back at them as he was falling
what about the underwater escape hello
hey mysteries rerunning the Yankee game
you watching this Oh
are you coming to bed i text man about
you uh yeah I'll be there in a minute
what was that ah nothing I gotta go
Oh Manny we just single you know it was
really very wrong of you to back out on
that deal I didn't make a deal I just
shook your hand yeah well that's a deal
where I come from we come from the same
place I gotta go
tell me why I love you like I do tell me
who can stop my heart as much tell me
all your secrets and I'll tell you move
to mind
they say nobody's perfect well that's
really true this time I don't have the
answers